the lighting test this lighting of the
Continuous light with I'm thinking now
So, thank you so much. Let's see more.
the general tone is we are worth it
and then youtube you beauty beauty frames
in industry and today another video
teaching you how you are doing
home lighting so your videos
get even better
beauty then using simple artifacts
We're going to be lighting here.
let's go to the tips then the good folks
right now to our materials you
will need to have a durex ribbon scissors
a socket for the socket lamp a
adapter for lamps resumed one
lamp in my case here I will be
using a led bulb the ox brand
but you may be using it too
several other works a box of
normal shoe the normal suit and a sheet
a4 paper now let's do it in
One you will pick up your box and it will cut
her background
Amodu after that we'll put the sheet
here we can then
here dial
where are we going to cut up and down
and then we'll make our cut
now that we cut then command
of the carton
you can cut a little below the
line was marked so that it does not run
risk of the leaf stay out stay base light
so we can see here with certain here
It was right and the sides also now
let's part and stick to the sheet in the box
we talk here a whole tape in the
sides
You can sell your video and
an entire tape
here too up and down then rock
It's this model we're going to do now.
A hole right here in the middle does not have to be
exactly the future depends a lot on your
hot sun we can make some
shapes that passes is just that part or 1 x
what's going to happen can we do 1 x 1
and I will make it here for you now
have an idea and we now go to the
easy and by alan to do the xis here
With the scissors I'm going to cut it and it stays
like this
bush is gone now let's make the
socket installation
soon because it is installed
Let's put our wide and now I'm going
explain to you a little because I
I preferred this lamp
first that it is a compact lamp
and because it is neglected it is more economical and
Also it does not heat up as much right
so for this project here I think
would it be more recommendable this lamp ok
this lamp more recommended as you
already must have noticed you are not going
put it right here on the jack né
even because it would not work very well
so let's get it now it works
like this
now let's get our extension doc
stayed behind and so on
We are going to close
michalak bad
now let's call
So people, our project was like this.
It's very simple, very quick to do the
That's not the light.
let's do a test
so this is the video with our lamp
It is positioned right side and here
without a lamp it looks like we
coming to the end of another video if
Do you like the one that subscribes to the
channel and until the next video